README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Candice!

### 🤖 I'm a professional reseller & eBay store owner, a vibe-coder and LLM early-adopter, and a Web 1.0 veteran who has recently picked up learning to code (again) to solve legitimate challenges I face in my reselling business. 

I practice **"Learning in Public."** My goal is to build tools that solve actual logistical problems I face in my e-commerce business, using "heavy vibe coding" (AI-assisted workflows) to iterate fast.

---

### 🔭 Current Focus
* **🐍 Python:** Learning the fundamentals and scripting for automation with Zed Shaw's book & the OpenStax text, simultaneously.
* **🧩 Chrome Extensions:** Building tools to improve browser workflows (e.g., for eBay/reselling, storage auction buyers, etc).
* **⚡ Speed:** Leveraging quick typing (100+ WPM), the command line, keyboard shortcuts, and other speed hacks to navigate around the screen quickly.

---

### 🏗️ Featured Projects

| Project | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Storage Treasures Photo Downloader ** | 🧩 Chrome Ext | My first published extension! It allows users to download all the images from a Storage Treasures auction listing, in full-size resolution + a text file with quick auction info (all into a dedicated folder that the extension creates on their machine). |
| **learn-python** | 📚 Education | A collection of my Python scripts, notes, and challenges as I learn in public. |
| **eBay Sold Listings Category Adder** | ⚙ Utility/Chrome Extension | A Chrome extension to insert sold listing's category info directly on the sold search results page on eBay |

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Workflow
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome_Web_Store-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)
![Vibe Coding](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI_Assisted-Vibe_Coding-black?style=for-the-badge)

---

### 📈 Activity Graph
![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)

### 📫 Connect
* **Discussion:** Check out the "Issues" tab in my learning repo to see what I'm struggling with or solving next.
* [Link to your eBay Store or Website]

Commit message:

Revise README with updated info and new project
Updated personal introduction and current focus, added new project details, and removed featured projects section.

README.md, after:

# Hi! 👋

I'm a pro-reseller & eBay store owner / a Web 1.0 veteran who has recently picked up learning to code (again) to solve legitimate frictions and business challenges I face in my reselling business. I practice **"Learning in Public."** My goal is to ship high-utility, zero-fluff tools for myself and potentially for others, in the future. I'm a fast typist and that's a big help - I also love still practicing my typing on an almost-daily basis, even though it's been over 30 years since I learned how to touch type on a keyboard/QWERTY setup (I learned in the 4th grade!)

I'm currently foucsed on learning Python, working through Zed Shaw's book and the OpenStax Python text, simultaneous. Check out my LIP repo for more updates, etc. 

#### 🆕 I just built my first Python program! It's a token counter designed to tell you how many tokens are in a given set of files (ie: text files, markdown files, etc). Check out my repo, Token Counter, for more info!

---

### 🔭 Current Focus
* **🐍 Python:** Learning the fundamentals and scripting for automation with Zed Shaw's book & the OpenStax text, simultaneously.
* **🧩 Chrome Extensions:** Building tools to improve browser workflows (e.g., for eBay/reselling, storage auction buyers, etc).
* **⚡ Speed:** Leveraging quick typing (100+ WPM), the command line, keyboard shortcuts, and other speed hacks to navigate around the screen quickly.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Workflow
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome_Web_Store-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)
![Vibe Coding](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI_Assisted-Vibe_Coding-black?style=for-the-badge)

---

### 📈 Activity Graph
![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)
